Deuteronous
Tintanid was called, the ship of dreams.
And it was! It really was!
Alright. Open your eyes.
We're going full the heat, will you fix it to it?
I've got everything I need right here with me.
I figured life's a gift and I don't intend on wasting it.
I never know what hand or going to get dealt next.
You'll learn to take life as it comes at you.
When this ship talks, I'm getting off with you.
We're both doing well, something completed because of my blood on you.
I've got everyone here at your best to support me.
Time's up.
One, two, three.
The world is nothing.
There's nothing to say.
It will happen.
This is the night.
Hold on.
Do not let go of my hand.
I'll never let go.
I'll never let go of my hand.